# Quiz_LSA
Some of the functions of the app are: Once it launched, the App can track the movement of the user. The user will then select the answer from the list. The system will then let the user know if they are right or wrong, and will show them the correct answer by typing Q1.txt, Q2.txt,Q3.txt. the App can prompt the user to answer a multiple-choice question about that location. Displays a map derived from Leaflet API Tracks users location along with a radius around the current location Displays location of question points Calculates the distance between user location and Warren Street Station Contains a user guide page.

After setting the question data, the quiz mapper could be started to track the movement of a user. The user guide will be shown when user click the button "User Guide -- Very Important" in the site-menu. Just use phonegap serve to start it, the test result can be shown in a browser (both laptop and phone). The radius of a track location in this app is set as 50m, in other words, the question will be displayed as long as a question point is within the 50m scope. User needs to select a answer from the 4 options and the app will display the correct answer by typing Q1.txt, Q2.txt,Q3.txt. Moreover, this App can prompt the user to answer a multiple-choice question about that location. Besides, based on the practical 1 which guides us to track user’s location and calculate distance, this app also contains these code in index.html. Therefore, the distance from current location to Warren Street Station can also be calculated as long as the button is clicked. Moreover, an alert will also be displayed when user attempt to click the question point which are outside the 50m radius.

PLEASE ATTENTION: Even though the location coordinates are usually extracted automatically through user’s phone with GPS, the situation that the location extracted is not correct or even does not exist often happen. In this app, user are allowed to click the point by themselves. The center of the 50m radius is the track location.
